CSRF - What Is It?
Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) is one of the most common web applications 
vulnerabilities (ranked number 5 on OWASP's Top 10 document). The following 
section, taken from Wikipedia, explains CSRF severity: "According to the United 
States Department of Homeland Security the most dangerous CSRF vulnerability 
ranks in at the 909th most dangerous software bug ever found, making this 
vulnerability more dangerous than most buffer overflows. Other severity metrics 
have been issued for CSRF vulnerabilities that result in remote code execution 
with root privileges as well as a vulnerability that can compromise a root 
certificate, which will completely undermine a public key infrastructure."

Both links above include detailed information about CSRF attacks but it can be 
summarized in one short sentence: the core weakness the CSRF attacker is taking 
advantage of are predictable URLs and request bodies which changes the 
application state. As an example letâ€™s assume a banking web application in 
which the 'wire money' form includes two fields: the amount to wire and the 
destination account number. An attacker can send an email to users which points 
to a page that silently posts a wire transaction request to the bank systems. 
If a user clicks that link, while his browser holds a valid session with the 
bank web site (for example in another tab), the wire transaction will be 
accepted by the bank systems. On the other hand if the wire form includes an 
unpredictable value (a secret) which is validated on submit the attack would 
fail. To mitigate CSRF attacks any request that changes the application state 
has to include an unpredictable secret token which must be validated before 
processing the request.